README.md, before:

# Obesity-Levels-Classification
This repository contains information and material for the Obesity Levels Classification, a project for the course Topics in Data Sciene (UNIPI, Department of Statistics and Insurance Science). The purpose of the project is to classify each person in the correct obesity level, according to their characteristics. The project was written in Python and PySpark. Main tasks where duplicate values detection and removal, statistical analysis (including Density-Histogram-Scatter Plots, Independence Tests, QQ-Plots, Distribution Fitting Tests with Kolmogorov-Smirnov, Shapiro-Wilks, Anderson Darling, Correlation Analysis with Pearson Spearman, Kendall), outlier detection (with Z-Score, IQR-Score, QD-Score and MixDBSCAN, an outlier detection process with hyperparameter tuning for mixed data, with specialized robust distance matrices, built by myself), feature engineering, data splitting, data scaling, minority oversampling techniques, clustering (with MixDBSCAN, K-Means and evaluation with davies-bouldin, calinski-harabasz and silhouette), feature selection and classification (with Random Forest and Multi-Layer Perceptron, with custom Stratified K-fold Cross Validation and hyperparameter tuning with GridSearchCV and HalvingGridSearchCV).

# The dataset can be found in: https://archive.ics.uci.edu/dataset/544/estimation+of+obesity+levels+based+on+eating+habits+and+physical+condition

# For material dm on LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/iakovoschristoszarkadis

Commit message:

Enhance README with additional evaluation metrics
Updated project description to include evaluation metrics.

README.md, after:

# Obesity-Levels-Classification
This repository contains information and material for the Obesity Levels Classification, a project for the course Topics in Data Sciene (UNIPI, Department of Statistics and Insurance Science). The purpose of the project is to classify each person in the correct obesity level, according to their characteristics. The project was written in Python and PySpark. Main tasks where duplicate values detection and removal, statistical analysis (including Density-Histogram-Scatter Plots, Independence Tests, QQ-Plots, Distribution Fitting Tests with Kolmogorov-Smirnov, Shapiro-Wilks, Anderson Darling, Correlation Analysis with Pearson Spearman, Kendall), outlier detection (with Z-Score, IQR-Score, QD-Score and MixDBSCAN, an outlier detection process with hyperparameter tuning for mixed data, with specialized robust distance matrices, built by myself), feature engineering, data splitting, data scaling, minority oversampling techniques, clustering (with MixDBSCAN, K-Means and evaluation with davies-bouldin, calinski-harabasz and silhouette), feature selection and classification (with Random Forest and Multi-Layer Perceptron, with custom Stratified K-fold Cross Validation, hyperparameter tuning with GridSearchCV, HalvingGridSearchCV and evaluation with metrics like Accuracy, F1, Precision, Recall, Roc-Auc).

# The dataset can be found in: https://archive.ics.uci.edu/dataset/544/estimation+of+obesity+levels+based+on+eating+habits+and+physical+condition

# For material dm on LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/iakovoschristoszarkadis
